my name
pendulum
Yes yes yes yes yes yes
dj denzity
tg1 in
we don't all know before the birth of our natural environment the water pulls
that's why they have all the courses for children really start from
we start again with
newborns that grain how to pass by the six months amateur video contains for
the diet
and this is the whole band came sooner or later there are tabellini children edits
3 4 5 years this element. ether path create infuse security e
facebook autonomy from sunset
If you collect my school age 6 7 8 9 10 years and then the bike remembers
teenagers when children are very small the big difference between one and
the other is represented by fidenza milk proven to be the person it is
major difficulty depends on how naturally they arrive if they arrive that
have never stopped their head under the water greater difficulty
3 to convince them to win the one at that sea port if they are in between
do something naturally but it's the difficulty let's call it technical
so let's hear what the parents who accompany their parents ask first of all
children to vote
first of all, the same number
generally know high notarial ask that they are not afraid of
exact theme have fun getting through that happens to you
the best way to deal with fear is surely the teaching game is
always the same is that of the zompo the child kinder and have fun
in this way hopefully
the fear of
therefore it also plays relational peace with other children
with the others
the rules of the game within a context that can be so
I have consequently said the buoyancy comes naturally
can pass from the water of the didactic pool of mathematics lo
slipping the first technique that children have to take the pass
obliged to pass from the small pool to the larger one we begin in
small pool with depth depth sense thrusts
and subsequently we can intestinal
larger and deeper where before they must acquire a frisbee angela depth
and then spin tennis backstroke players even in large pools must
be naturally
first set small pool then denim
with more than 6 years children are more or less able to slip can
so the larger pool the across game continue their way
opening up other techniques
is a technique for specification
proud of details
d
let's look at the finesse of the grandmother
the frequency with
general, the shark
obviously the children are not
here to train i'm here to play gliding damage the first ones
movements with the lower limbs who we are
olè perfecting the open position on the belly down
editalia floating position chased the mind and we follow the propulsion
through the use of the legs
we present end of the year to include also
minimum coordination then insert the practice over the legs
that after having had affectionate next rival around the 8 years the children
are already set ready to learn the swimming technique in
more complete way
this thing to you children who have already arrived in the water
they are ready to win because they are the limits of the technique
have a much more conscious progression. profile of what will be
the famous one